hey sevis this is Renee Morgan here
coming to you talking about a comment
that I receive on growing ball natural
hair how I'm someone responded to the
video and said that they just did a big
chop and they wanted to know about have
any other suggestions for them when I
guess there's pretty short as you all
know have you seen my hair journey video
that I've never had a perm and I so I
never did a transition or a big chop or
anything like that I just stopped
trading my hair so i can't really relate
to a big chop so i can't give you a lot
of suggestions but like what I do have
is my 14 month old who has been involved
on her life
but I've been massaging her scalp when I
wash her hair I massage your scalp and
when I do her hair I put a conditioner
this conditioners stuff that I put in
her hair basically it's in this brave
all here exactly what I do this is the
Tresemme heat tamer spray but I like to
recycle so the heat tamer is all gone I
put my own so conditioner in here so
basically is a equal parts have
conditioned air half water and your
favorite oh it can be coming along
whatever it is and then check up and so
it's just a water to have version of
a conditioner really is really what it
is and I spray this on her hair and
massage your hair also since there has
been a little bit longer but put it in
these classes to hear some pictures of a
bag kind of been helping a lot when I
started doing that and I'll let her out
of the house of like that I just you
know around the house we're not going
anywhere they're sleeping sleeping them
to kind of help I think to me it feels
like maybe helping the hair come out by
massage your hair is waking up this gap
and putting the ponytails in her hair is
kind of helping the hair to grow to some
kind of why I don't know how I don't
know the reason why I just know it's
working these pictures here I've taken
them yesterday so as you can see there's
a dramatic change in her hair I said
I'll have a whole constitutions but I
hope this is working for her and if you
can try it too and hopefully it helps
you another thing is I am we're going to
respond to all the people who make
comments on the top to me any suggestion
I've got plans to kind of do videos for
that and so you continue to make
comments on either that video or any
other videos that I have you could post
your comments up what you want to see
also i will be straighten my hair in the
next week or so so we're looking for
that in the future and I hope you guys
enjoy this video and I hope you guys
have
wonderful wonderful day see you guys
later